SYRUS HAS A BROTHER
THAT GOES TO
THIS SCHOOL, JADEN.
YOU'VE PROBABLY
HEARD OF HIM, TOO.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
HELLO?
THIRD YEAR OBELISK BLUE
AND NUMBER ONE DUELIST
AT THE ACADEMY?
HE'S THE BIG MAN
ON CAMPUS--ZANE.
AND HE REALLY IS AS GOOD
AS HIS REPUTATION.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS ZANE GUY.
I MEAN, NO WONDER SYRUS
HAS ZERO CONFIDENCE.
IF MY BIG BRO TOLD ME
THAT I WASN'T
GOOD ENOUGH TO USE
SOME CARD,
I'D BE INSECURE, TOO.
WELL, THAT'S ALL
ABOUT TO CHANGE.
Jaden, voice-over:
I WONDER,
DO YA SPELL "ZANE"
WITH TWO Ns?
THESE DUEL REQUEST FORMS
ARE SUCH A DRAG.
DUEL REQUEST FORM?
HEY.
PLANNING A DUEL,
ARE WE?
AGAINST WHOM?
YOU MUST BE JOKING.
NO, ACTUALLY, I'M NOT.
I'M TAKING ZANE ON
TO HELP SYRUS GET OVER
HIS CONFIDENCE PROBLEM
SO HE'LL BE READY
FOR OUR UPCOMIN' TAG MATCH.
AH, YES, OF COURSE,
THE BIG
TAG TEAM MATCH.
THE ONE WHERE
IF YOU LOSE,
YOU'LL BOTH
BE EXPELLED FROM
THE ACADEMY,
AM I RIGHT?
AND YOU SAY
THAT DUELING ZANE
WILL HELP
YOU PREPARE?
WELL THAT'S A SHAME,
BECAUSE THERE'LL
BE NO DUEL.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOMETHINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
Zane, voice-over:
I WOULD HAVE NEVER
GIVEN YOU THAT CARD
HAD I KNOWN THAT
YOU WOULD MISPLAY IT.
SURE, YOU MAY KNOW
HOW TO USE POWER BOND,
BUT THERE'S MORE TO DUELING
THAN JUST THAT.
AW, MAN,
I DON'T KNOW A THING
ABOUT DUEL MONSTERS.
I'M GOING TO
LET JADEN DOWN.
YOU'VE GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
THAT'S YOUR MOVE?
FINE, THEN I'M GONNA
USE MY SPELL CARD
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF YOUR MONSTER
AND ATTACK JADEN.
IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
WHY, SY? WHY?
I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
BECAUSE HE DOESN'T
BELONG HERE.
BIG BRO?
I'M TOAST.
LOOK, IT'S NOT YOU,
IT'S ME.
I JUST CAN'T USE YOU
IN MY DECK ANYMORE.
I GOTTA MAKE ROOM
FOR ANOTHER KOALA.
15 OUGHTA DO.
LOUSY DR. CROWLER.
WHERE DOES IT SAY
THOSE DUEL REQUEST FORMS
NEED TO BE FILLED OUT
IN TRIPLICATE AND--
AND WITH A NO. 8 PENCIL?
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S EITHER
A GIANT TREE SLOTH
OR IT'S CHUMLEY.
HEY, WHAT UP?
WOW, CHUM.
THERE'S LIKE A ZILLION
KOALA CARDS DOWN HERE.
YEAH, THEY SO RULE.
WANNA HAVE A PICK-UP DUEL
AGAINST 'EM?
HEY, A PICK-UP DUEL.
WHY DIDN'T
I THINK A' THAT?
HEY, WAIT.
WHERE ARE YA OFF TO?
THE OBELISK BLUE DORM!
WHY YA GOING THERE?
A PICK-UP DUEL
WITH ZANE!
THE ZANE?
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
I AIN'T GOT NO PROBLEM,
BUT YOU SURE WILL
IF YOU DON'T BEAT IT.
YEAH, ZANE WOULDN'T
WASTE HIS TIME
WITH YOU.
YOU'RE STILL PROLLY
WET BEHIND THE EARS
FROM PRE-DUEL
SCHOOL.
I AM NOT.
NOW YA ARE.
WE'RE GONNA DUEL.
SO WHAT'RE YOU
GONNA DO NOW?
WELL,
I'LL TELL YOU ONE THING
I'M NOT GONNA DO,
AND THAT'S GIVE UP.
I'LL GET ZANE TO DUEL ME
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
AW, SY, ARE YOU
STILL IN BED?
LOOK,
I KNOW YOU'RE DOWN,
BUT THAT'S NO EXCUSE
TO ACT LIKE
SOME LAZY SLUG.
I MEAN, EVEN CHUMLEY
GOT UP TODAY.
YEAH, LOUSY BLADDER!
WHERE'D HE GO?
LOOK,
HE LEFT A NOTE!
WHAT'S IT SAY?
Syrus, voice-over:
DEAR JADEN,
I'M LEAVING DUEL ACADEMY.
DON'T TRY AND STOP ME.
IT'S FOR THE BEST.
I WOULD ONLY
BE HOLDING YOU BACK
IF I STAYED.
SY'S NOT GOIN' ANYWHERE.
YEAH, LET'S GO STOP HIM
AFTER DINNER.
NO, NOW.
BUT TODAY'S
GRILLED CHEESE DAY.
IF WE DON'T HURRY,
IT'LL BE
SY'S LAST DAY.
SYRUS!
COME ON!
SY, IT'S GRILLED
CHEESE DAY!
WHERE ARE YA, SYRUS?
WE MISS YOU, SY,
AND WE'LL
MISS DINNER TOO
IF WE DON'T FIND
YA BEFORE THE
KITCHEN CLOSES.
SO LONG, DUEL ACADEMY.
IT'S YOU.
SO HUNGRY,
STARTING TO HEAR VOICES.
CAN YOU FIND
WHERE SY'S AT?
GO.
C'MON.
AW, FIRST NO GRILLED CHEESE,
AND NOW I GOTTA RUN?
AW, WHY ME?
SO, ANY NEW LEADS?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE'S STILL GONE.
I KEEP LOOKING
FOR SOME SIGN,
BUT IT'S LIKE
MY BROTHER JUST VANISHED
INTO THIN AIR.
DON'T GIVE UP.
YOU'LL FIND HIM.
I HOPE SO.
SPEAKING OF BROTHERS,
ZANE,
I SAW YOURS
THE OTHER DAY.
OH, DID YOU NOW?
YEAH, HE LOST
IN A PRACTICE DUEL
TO JADEN YUKI.
YOU'RE NAME CAME UP,
TOO,
AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
THE BIG BAD BROTHER.
WHAT, DOES JADEN
WANT TO SCOLD ME NOW?
ACTUALLY, I THINK
HE WANTS TO DUEL YOU.
Syrus: STAY BACK, JADEN!
LOOK, IT'S SYRUS.
HELP ME!
I CAN'T SWIM!
AND YOU WERE
ABOUT TO RAFT OUT
INTO THE OCEAN?
THAT MAKES SENSE.
I'M COMING!
IT'S SHALLOW.
WHY ARE YOU TRYING
TO STOP ME, JADEN?
I STINK.
PLEASE,
JUST LET ME GO.
THEY'LL ASSIGN YOU
A NEW TAG PARTNER
AND YOU'LL HAVE A
MUCH BETTER SHOT AT
WINNING THE MATCH.
SY, THAT'S
YOUR BROTHER TALKIN'.
COME ON, PAL.
YA GOTTA BELIEVE
IN YOURSELF.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME.
I'M A LOST CAUSE.
Zane: HE IS RIGHT, YOU KNOW.
Syrus: ZANE.
SO THAT'S THE SCHOOL'S
TOP DUELIST?
YOU'RE DROPPING OUT?
WELL, YEAH,
KINDA.
WELL, IT'S ABOUT TIME.
HE'S WRONG.
YOU'RE HIS BIG BROTHER!
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?
BECAUSE I KNOW HIM.
YEAH, I BET YOU THINK
YOU KNOW IT ALL,
BUT GUESS WHAT.
YA DON'T,
AND I'M GONNA PROVE IT
RIGHT NOW.
LET'S DUEL.
NO, JADEN.
DUEL A SLIFER?
SURE, WHY NOT?
AFTER ALL,
IT'S BEEN AWHILE SINCE
I WENT SLUMMING.
THEN GET YOUR GAME ON.
JADEN, HE'S GOOD.
I'M SURE HE IS.
Jaden, voice-over:
AND I'M SURE THIS DUEL
WILL SOLVE SY'S
CONFIDENCE PROBLEM
WITHOUT HURTING MINE.
DUEL!
AW, MAN,
MY BIG BROTHER TAKING ON
MY BEST FRIEND?
THERE'S NO WAY THAT THIS
CAN TURN OUT GOOD.
OK, NOW WE FIND OUT
WHAT'S GOIN' ON
WITH SY AND HIS BRO,
AND WE FIND OUT
HOW I RANK
WITH THE BEST.
HERE I COME, ZANE.
FIRST,
I'M GONNA SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND I THINK
I'LL GO AHEAD
AND THROW DOWN
A FACE DOWN
WHILE I'M AT IT.
THAT'S ALL, HUH?
OK, FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I SUMMON CYBER DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE.
WHAT?
HOW CAN YOU BRING
A LEVEL 5 MONSTER OUT
ON YOUR VERY FIRST TURN?
I CAN PLAY
MY CYBER DRAGON
BECAUSE IT'S
MY FIRST TURN, JADEN.
WITH NO MONSTERS OUT,
HE REQUIRES NO SACRIFICE.
AND NOW I'LL PLAY
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON
TO DESTROY
YOUR FACEDOWN CARD.
THAT WAS FAST.
NOT AS FAST
AS YOUR LIFE POINT METER
WILL GO DOWN.
CYBER DRAGON, ATTACK!
STRIDENT BLAST!
Syrus, voice-over:
I TRIED TO WARN HIM
THAT ZANE WAS GOOD.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD DIFFERENT
DIMENSION CAPSULE.
IT ALLOWS ME TO PICK
ANY CARD FROM MY DECK.
THEN I SIMPLY PLACE IT
IN THE CAPSULE,
AND IN TWO TURNS
I GET TO TAKE IT OUT
AND PUT IT RIGHT
INTO MY HAND.
MAN, THAT'S GOTTA BE
THE BEST CARD OUT A'
HIS ENTIRE DECK.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT'S GONNA
COME OUT OF THERE.
Syrus, voice-over:
WELL I CAN,
'CUZ IT'S NOT GONNA
BE PRETTY.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, JADEN.
Jaden, voice-over:
YEAH, AND I'D BETTER
MAKE IT COUNT,
'CUZ I'M STARTIN'
TO GET THE FEELING
THAT NOT ONLY
IS THIS GUY AS GOOD AS
EVERYONE SAYS HE IS,
HE MIGHT EVEN BE BETTER.
BUT STILL,
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
HE'S BETTER THAN ME.
ALL RIGHT, ROUND TWO,
AND FIRST I'LL ROCK
POLYMERIZATION.
AND NEXT I'LL ROLL OUT
ELEMENTAL HEROES
SPARKMAN AND CLAYMAN,
AND FUSE THEM TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT.
AND SINCE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
DESTROYS MONSTERS
WITH LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN HIM,
YOUR CYBER DRAGON
GETS VAPORIZED!
YES!
LOOKS LIKE THUNDER GIANT
JUST MADE
THE BIG MAN ON CAMPUS
GET A LITTLE BIT
SMALLER,
WOULDN'T YA SAY?
YEAH,
I WOULD SAY IT.
WHOA.
AND THE BEST PART IS
THAT SINCE THAT BLAST
WAS JUST THUNDER GIANT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I STILL GET TO USE
HIS ATTACK!
AND SINCE YOU'RE
NOW DEFENSELESS,
I'M GONNA USE IT
DIRECTLY ON YOU!
YA COULD AT LEAST
KIND OF FLINCH.
OH, WELL,
MAYBE THIS FACEDOWN CARD
WILL GET YA TO LATER.
Syrus, voice-over:
YEAH, IF JADEN LASTS
LONG ENOUGH TO USE IT.
NICE MOVES, KID.
OF COURSE, WITH MY FIELD
NOW EMPTY AGAIN,
I CAN JUST THROW OUT
ANOTHER CYBER DRAGON.
OR BETTER YET, TWO.
I PLAY MONSTER REBORN.
AND WITH JUST ONE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
YOU CAN GUESS
WHO'S COMING BACK.
BUT NEITHER
WILL BE HERE LONG...
IN PRESENT FORM.
DRAGONS, UNITE.
NOW, CYBER TWIN DRAGON,
EMERGE.
TWIN DRAGON?
ONE WAS TOUGH
ENOUGH.
NOW, MY DRAGON
CAN ATTACK TWICE
IN A ROUND,
WHICH MEANS
DOUBLE THE TROUBLE
FOR YOUR MONSTER
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS.
TWIN DRAGON, ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST.
I'VE GOTTA
TRAP CARD OUT--
A HERO EMERGES!
NOW NORMALLY,
YOU'D HAVE TO RANDOMLY
PICK ONE A' THE CARDS
IN MY HAND,
AND IF IT WAS A MONSTER,
I'D GET TO SUMMON IT.
BUT SINCE I ONLY HAVE
ONE CARD IN MY HAND,
LET'S JUST GET
RIGHT TO IT, SHALL WE?
WROUGHTWEILLER,
DEFENSE MODE.
YOU'LL NEED HIM.
CYBER TWIN DRAGON,
DOUBLE STRIDENT BLAST!
GLAD YA DID THAT,
'CUZ WHEN
WROUGHTWEILER'S
DESTROYED,
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES.
IT BRINGS
ONE ELEMENTAL HERO
AND ONE
POLYMERIZATION CARD BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND INTO MY HAND.
AND JUST
WHEN YOU THOUGHT
YOU COULD PROBABLY
STOP WORRYIN' ABOUT 'EM,
HUH, ZANE?
I DON'T WORRY.
MAN, YOU'RE CHILL.
NOT WORRYIN',
NOT EVEN FLINCHIN'.
YOU ARE GOOD.
YOU, TOO, JADEN.
Syrus, voice-over:
WHOA, SINCE WHEN
DOES ZANE GIVE PROPS?
NOW WHERE WAS I?
OH, YEAH.
I WAS ABOUT TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND SINCE BUBBLEMAN'S
THE ONLY MONSTER
OUT ON MY FIELD,
I CAN USE HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY TO DRAW TWO MORE
CARDS TO MY HAND.
Jaden, voice-over:
TRANSCENDENT WINGS
AND WINGED KURIBOH--
THE CARDS I USED
TO TRASH THAT DRAGON
CATAPULT CANNON.
AN EVOLVED WINGED
KURIBOH WOULD TURN
ZANE'S CYBER TWIN DRAGON
INTO A PILE
OF CYBER JUNK.
THEN, ITS ATTACK POINTS
WOULD BE DEALT
TO HIM AS DAMAGE.
THAT'D BE ENOUGH TO DROP
HIS LIFE POINTS TO ZERO
AND WIN THE DUEL.
BUT I CAN'T SUMMON
ANY MORE MONSTERS
THIS ROUND,
SO I'M JUST GONNA HAFTA
WAIT UNTIL MY NEXT TURN.
STILL, I WON'T HAVE TO
WAIT UNTIL NEXT TURN
TO USE ANOTHER CARD.
ALRIGHT, ZANE,
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE MY ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN WITH
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN.
NOW, ELEMENTAL HERO
MUDBALLMAN,
RISE IN DEFENSE MODE.
'LISHUS.
MUDBALLMAN'S GOT
3000 DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT TWIN DRAGON'S
ATTACK WON'T GET
THROUGH TO JADEN.
Syrus, voice-over:
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
JADEN MIGHT ACTUALLY WIN.
NOW GIMME
YOUR BEST SHOT, ZANE.
MY BEST SHOT?
YOU GOT IT.
Syrus, voice-over: OH, NO.
Jaden, voice-over:
THE CAPSULE.
IT'S BEEN TWO TURNS
SINCE I FIRST ACTIVATED
DIFFERENT DIMENSION CAPSULE,
AND NOW I CAN TAKE THE CARD
I FIRST PUT INTO IT
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
YOU PLAYED WELL,
BUT NOT WELL ENOUGH.
HEY, GIMME WHAT YOU GOT.
I'M READY.
I'M SURE YOU ARE.
A GOOD DUELIST IS READY
FOR ANYTHING,
AND THAT MEANS
NOT JUST KNOWING HOW TO USE
ALL OF THEIR CARDS,
BUT KNOWING
HOW TO PLAY THEM, TOO,
AND YOU PLAY
YOUR CARDS WELL, JADEN.
Syrus, voice-over:
KNOWING HOW TO PLAY
YOUR CARDS?
Jaden, voice-over:
THAT'S A NICE
COMPLIMENT,
BUT EVEN BETTER ADVICE.
HOPE SY'S LISTENIN'.
Syrus, voice-over:
OF COURSE.
KNOWING HOW TO USE A CARD
AND KNOWING HOW TO PLAY IT
ARE TWO TOTALLY
DIFFERENT THINGS.
THAT'S WHAT ZANE
WAS TRYING TO TELL ME
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
I GET IT NOW.
FIRST I'LL ACTIVATE
THIS DE-FUSION CARD.
IT SPLITS MY MONSTER
BACK INTO TWO
SEPARATE CYBER DRAGONS.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC OF POWER BOND.
WITH THIS SPELL CARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
A MACHINE-TYPE
FUSION MONSTER.
AND WITH ANOTHER CYBER DRAGON
IN MY HAND AS WELL,
I CAN NOW FUSE 3 OF THEM
TOGETHER AND CREATE
THE CYBER END DRAGON.
PLUS, ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED
BECAUSE OF POWER BOND'S
EFFECT.
8,000?
AND KEEP IN MIND,
WHEN CYBER END DRAGON ATTACKS,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
HIS ATTACK POINTS AND YOUR
MONSTER'S DEFENSE POINTS
ARE DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
JUST HANG TOUGH.
IF YOU CAN SURVIVE
HIS ATTACK,
YOU CAN WIN FOR SURE,
'CAUSE OF POWER BOND'S
NASTY SIDE EFFECT.
CHUMLEY'S RIGHT.
AT THE END OF THE TURN
POWER BOND IS USED,
THE PLAYER WHO ACTIVATED
THE CARD TAKES DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THEIR ATTACKING
MONSTER'S ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS.
Syrus, voice-over:
YEAH, BUT THAT WON'T MATTER
IF YOU PLAY IT RIGHT,
AND ZANE HAS.
I JUST WISH
IT DIDN'T HAVE TO BE
AT JADEN'S EXPENSE.
CYBER END DRAGON,
ATTACK MUDBALLMAN.
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE!
JADEN, NO!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
HE LOST.
NOOOO!
THANKS FOR A GREAT DUEL,
ZANE.
SO, ZANE, WHATTA YA THINK?
I THINK SY CHOSE
GOOD FRIENDS, ALEXIS.
YOUR BROTHER'S
GOT MAD SKILLS.
WELL, LEAST
I GOT THE LOOKS.
WHAT'S FUNNY?
COME ON, LET'S GO HOME
AND WORK ON OUR DECKS.
AND I SAY
WE ARRANGE YOURS
SO YOU CAN FINALLY USE
THAT POWER BOND.
HOW 'BOUT IT?
FOR SURE.
NOW I KNOW TO PLAY IT,
NOT JUST USE IT.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU KNOW WHAT I COULD USE?
A COUPLA GRILLED CHEESE
SANDWICHES.
NOT IF I SCARF 'EM
ALL DOWN FIRST, CHUMLEY.
WAIT UP!
AW, WE GOTTA RUN AGAIN?
SERIOUSLY,
CAN WE JUST WALK THOUGH?